Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ I don't know but I can tell ♪
♪ All the little babies
are down in the well ♪
♪ Pardon me she's I could be ♪
♪ Down with the babies ♪
♪ Catchin' the rabies ♪
♪ Put me baby fancy me free ♪
♪ That's just... ♪
Hi, Emily.
Hey, what's up? How are you?
No.
He is definitely the most
well-adjusted guy
I've ever dated.
I know,
and the hottest.
No, I'm not worried about her.
Absolutely not.
Emily, I swear,
I wouldn't even show up.
Hello? Hello?
Hello? Are you okay?
Is something wrong?
Are you okay?
Hello? Hello?
No, stop.
Uh, Mr. Simon?
Uh, Brian. Yeah.
I'm Amber Deschanel.
I'm so embarrassed.
I was supposed to be here
half an hour ago
for my interview.
I got caught in traffic.
Um, I tried calling,
but I just kept
getting voicemail.
Uh, we were interviewing
other au pairs.
Um, well, I wasn't even
going to come
because I couldn't imagine that
you would hire someone
that was late
for their interview.
But I thought
I should at least come
and apologize to you in person.
So...
Um, I apologize.
Uh, um... Hang on a second.
Why don't you...
Uh, why don't you come on in?
Are you sure?
Yeah. Yeah, come in.
Miss Simon?
Oh, Elise.
It's so nice to meet you.
Uh, are you from this area?
I am. Uh, well, I am now.
I have an apartment
near the hospital.
I just finished
an internship there.
Eventually, I'll be going
to nursing school.
Nice. Um, well, why don't you
come in, take a seat?
You want a glass of water
or anything?
Uh, no. No, I'm fine.
So, tell us about yourself.
Uh, I majored in nursing
at Southern.
But, to be honest,
it's so expensive
that after I graduated,
I thought I would
save a little money
and work as an au pair.
I love kids,
and it beats waiting tables.
How do you feel about the whole
cleaning part of it?
Well, I like kids
more than cleaning,
but it still beats
waiting tables.
But do you have experience
as an au pair?
Oh. Ah, yes, here.
Um...
Great. Thank you.
Uh, last year,
I spent six months
with a wonderful family,
down at Coulson Lake.
The Falcones.
Unfortunately, the father
was transferred to Dallas,
so that was that.
But feel free, please call them.
We were really close.
I was like a member
of their family.
Well, um, let's see.
What about, uh, first aid?
I, I do have basic
first aid training
of CPR and AED.
I'm also pediatrically
and aquatically trained.
And I am certified
as an allergy responder.
Most of these certifications
I got through the university,
but I've kept them all
up to date.
Oh.
That's Cody you hear now.
Oh... Um, should I leave?
- Uh... No.
- No.
- Just...
Uh, no. Why don't you stay here,
and, um...
I'll go get him.
So...
Uh...
Duschanel? Deschanel?
Amber Deschanel.
Deschanel. Is that French?
- It's French-Canadian.
- French-Canadian.
Yeah, I was born in Montreal.
Um, but I grew up in Toronto.
I came to the States
for college,
and... I don't see myself
ever leaving.
But you can never be president.
No, I can never be president.
Uh...
He's adorable.
Cody, this is Amber.
Can you say hi?
Nice to meet you, little man.
He's strong.
Oh.
Well, I don't wanna overstay
my welcome.
I'm sure you guys want some
family time.
To be totally honest with you,
you seem like
such a nice family, and I would
take really good care of Cody.
If you give me a chance
I'll prove that I'm worth it.
All right. Um...
Let me walk you to the door.
It was really nice to meet you,
Mister, um...
- Brian.
It was a pleasure, Amber.
Well, Amber, uh,
we've got a lot of candidates
that we still need to interview,
but, uh,
we've got your number, so...
- Thank you.
Okay.
I admit it, I liked her.
No...
you don't have to decide
right away.
You can call her references and
see what they have to say first.
Yeah, okay.
Maybe...
Maybe, I will, yeah.
What's the matter?
You don't seem so happy.
This was your idea, remember?
I know.
She's pretty.
- Don't you think?
- Um...
I mean, she's okay.
Pleasant, I guess.
Little plain Jane looking.
But we're not signing her
to a modeling contract,
so it's perfect.
Look, if you're against
the idea,
we don't have to go for it.
I'm fine with that.
Okay.
I'll call her references
in the morning.
Good.
No?
Nothing.
How long are you gonna
punish me for?
- You didn't hear, did you?
- Hmm.
I can tell by the look
on your face, you didn't hear.
Hear what?
Dude, we got the frickin'
Virtue Ed account.
- What?
- We got it.
- We got the Virtue Ed account?
We got the Virtue Ed account!
Whoo!
Whoa! We got...
- We got...
- We got it!
- Yeah!
- Yes!
Yeah!
When did you hear?
- Come here.
- What?
The ice queen came to my office.
She just got off the phone
with the chairman and the board,
and press release
goes out EOD, baby.
She said she wanted to come
tell you next,
but I said I wanted to be
the one to tell you.
Bro, I-I just don't believe it.
- I-I mean...
- Dude, we are going out tonight.
Polecats, Heartbreakers.
♪ Leopard Lounge ♪
Yes!
Bro, you know what?
I-I gotta call Elise.
Uh, get out.
All right, dude, then,
a drink or three
before I go over there
to find my new wife.
I gotta call Elise.
What happened to you, man?
You play on those if you want.
Hey, I was just
about to call you.
So, listen, I called
Amber's references this morning.
- And?
- And...
Well, the reviews were,
um, glowing.
Basically, every single thing
that was on our checklist.
Well, see?
I had a good feeling about it.
But forget about that
for a second.
I have even bigger news.
We got the Virtue Ed account.
Wait, what?
Wait, that's...
That's huge, isn't it?
Honey, it's enormous!
They're gonna spend $250 million
over the next five years
marketing this service.
Um, okay.
So that means we can definitely
afford her, then?
Short answer is,
yeah, we can afford her.
But I have to go now,
honey. Lot of work to do.
Okay, okay,
I'll see you at home.
Oh, hey, Brian?
Yeah?
I'm proud of you.
I love you.
Brian.
Amber.
You're early. You weren't
supposed to be here for...
For another hour. I know, um...
I'm sorry, I think
I just got a little paranoid
because of last time.
You know, how I was late
for the interview.
I hope that's okay.
I rang the front door first,
but nobody answered.
Then I walked
right into the garage.
No, it's fine.
Uh...
So, Elise and Cody are at their
Mommy and Me self-defense group.
They won't be here
for another half hour.
Mm-hmm.
Well, this is the gym.
You can use it
whenever you want.
Not exactly a health club,
but...
Um, it seems to work.
Uh... why don't I help you
get your things out of the car?
I can show you to your room.
That'd be great. Thank you.
What do you have
in these things? Lead?
It's all of
my possessions.
And two bags aren't even that
bad for most girls.
Well, here it is.
ChezSimon.
It's not a lot, but, uh...
Are you kidding?
It's great.
It's almost bigger than
my last apartment in New York.
New York? I thought you said
you were staying
with that family in Coulson.
Yeah, um, my last apartment
in New York before that.
You want help
unpacking or...
Uh, no, I think I got it
from here.
- Brian?
- Yeah?
- Uh, yeah? Hi.
- Brian?
- Hey.
- Hi.
Amber! You're early.
I know. I explained to Brian.
After I was late
for the interview,
I wanted to be absolutely sure
that I was on time
for my first day,
so I got here way early.
Ah, well, please
make yourself at home.
And if you need anything at all,
don't be scared to ask, okay?
Um, can you help me
with something?
- Yeah, of course.
- And we'll let her get settled.
Okay.
Honey...
What?
- Oh. Oh, that's cute.
- Yeah?
Nanny cam.
What?
Are you se...
Are you serious?
Heck, yeah, of course,
I'm serious.
Hey, can't hurt
to be too careful. Come on.
Where'd you even get this thing?
At the mall.
Look, it's, it's
a picture frame, right?
It's right there.
- There's the camera.
- Oh, yeah.
And it records onto
any old USB drive.
- You're kidding me.
- Unh-unh.
Right?
That is... It's brilliant.
And if it makes you
feel any better,
I'm completely down for whatever
Mission Impossiblegadgets
you come up with
as long as you don't have one
of those tucked in our bathroom.
Ew.
- You're gross.
- Well, I didn't buy it.
You're so gross.
Hey, girl.
Hey.
So...
We took the plunge.
- A threesome.
- What?
Very funny.
No, the au pair.
- Oui, oui.
- Mm-hmm.
I was finally
able to convince him
that we needed one.
And how did you do that?
'Cause I thought he was dead set
against just the idea.
Ah, with a little bit of...
Well, you couldn't
punish him forever.
You can hate him,
you can decide to leave him,
but if you decide
you're gonna forgive him,
you gotta forgive him.
Do you think
I did the right thing?
Please.
Of all the unworthy jerks
I took back,
at least your husband
is a good man.
Oh.
Afternoon, ladies.
You want me to tell him
to leave?
I don't know what good
that'll do.
The man is like the Terminator.
- Without a body.
- I know.
How can we help you, Mr. Dutros?
I've left messages.
Sent electronic email.
Even had my girl send
something certified.
What does it take
to get your attention?
Oh, you have our attention.
The answer is still no.
I think we both know
that's not your choice,
don't we, Mrs. Simon?
- It's not our choice?
- Mm.
It is for now.
I made you a very fair offer.
One that First Federal
was hoping you'd take.
First Federal doesn't
own this gallery.
Don't they?
I've tread carefully, ladies.
You've nothing to gain
by playing hardball
except my antipathy.
And that's something
you don't want.
Believe me.
God, that guy is such a jackass.
His antipathy.
What kind of a jerk.
u have to unfreezehim. You just froze him.
You have to unfreeze him.
Unfrozen!
Do you think we should
hold off on having the party?
Why?
Hmm, so Amber can get a little
more acclimated, maybe?
- Acclimated?
- Yeah.
Honey, she's not a pet.
She can handle a party.
Especially, a small one.
It'll be good.
She can watch Cody, and you
and I will have a good time.
And then she can watch
the baby monitor
after you and I have
had a few drinks.
We deserve this.
- Elise?
- Yeah?
I'm gonna take Cody over
to the swing set now, okay?
Okay, perfect.
I'll see you guys there.
All right, you ready?
Let's race.
- Aw.
- Oh.
Maybe I can get used to this.
Don't get... too used to
this, okay?
"Pale Blue Dot"
Honey. Elise?
- What?
- Everything okay?
Huh? Yeah, everything's fine.
I got us some extra beers.
Well, hand it over
before you warm it up.
Anyway, so I told him,
"You are sitting
on a zillion,
this trillion dollar gold mine
and you're gonna screw it up."
Look, you really think
the ice queen was me...
Who's the ice queen?
It's their boss.
It's so juvenile.
It's Katherine Parsons.
She's the Parsons
of Parsons and Grant.
Okay, why do you call her
the ice queen?
'Cause she's the ice queen.
If you met her,
you would know why.
Maybe you two just can't stand
working for a strong woman.
- Oh, here we go.
- Mm.
- Please, I... Hey.
- I think that's what it is.
I love working
for strong women, okay?
underneath strong women, too.
But you already know that,
don't you?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
You're filthy and disgusting.
Please move away.
All right.
This is to be continued.
I gotta take a bio break.
Something
I don't need to see.
Hmm.
Whoa.
Who are you?
I said, "Who are you?"
It's an Alice In Wonderland
joke.
It's a caterpillar. The movie.
You didn't see the movie?
You know it wasn't tobacco
that pickle bug
was smoking, right?
- Okay.
- Okay, okay, okay.
Look, I'm sorry.
That was a bad joke.
Who are you, really?
I'm the Simons' new au pair.
Oh, the new au pair.
Hello, new au pair.
I'm the reason your employer's
gonna be a very rich man.
You have really pretty eyes,
you know that?
Wait a minute.
How old are you?
Old enough to know better.
- Move.
- Wow.
That's... nice.
You look better.
Yeah, much better.
I just met your new au pair.
Stay away from her.
She is innocent.
Well, she's not my type.
Hey, Elise?
I just put Cody down.
He had such a busy day
that he fell right asleep.
Thank you.
And I just, I wanted to say,
thank you so much
for everything that you've done
for us so far.
Really, truly, you've been
just absolutely amazing.
So thank you.
You know, take a load off.
Come on, sit down.
You know, Brian was against this
whole thing from the beginning.
Well, to be honest,
I don't know
if I would want a stranger
living in my house, either.
But luckily for me,
a lot of people don't mind.
Well, I think that
we made the right decision.
I really do.
Why don't you go to bed?
You look exhausted.
I'll put the monitor in my room,
just in case he wakes up.
Oh. I'd love that. Thank you.
And you make sure
you get some sleep, too, okay?
Yeah, soon.
I'm a night owl.
It's a hard habit to break.
Oh, um, can you do me
one quick favor?
Will you just lay out
Cody's clothes for tomorrow?
Yeah, sure, of course.
Thank you so much, babe.
Although, no suspects
have been identified,
police say they're making
substantial progress
in the death of Becky Hopkins.
What was once assumed
to be an accidental
overdose on painkillers
is now being treated by police
as a homicide.
- Amber.
- Oh, hi, um...
I'm sorry.
- What were you just watching?
- Uh...
I, I was just watching the news.
It freaks me out,
with everything
that's going on in the world.
Um, you just startled me
when you came in.
- Oh.
- How was your day?
Good. Good, just long.
Busy.
Is, um... Is Cody sleeping?
Yeah, I put him down
about an hour ago.
I think the little man's
getting a cold.
Oh, no.
Um...
What about Elise?
Even before then
she was exhausted.
Well, I guess
I should go join her.
I mean, I know it's late,
but when I get off work,
I, I'm so wired
that I can never sleep.
Must have been such a long day,
so, uh...
You sure you don't want me
to pour you a drink?
A drink?
Well, sure, I guess I can afford
to unwind a little.
Sit down, I'll be right back.
Et voila.
Merci.
Oh, how'd you know
I like scotch on the rocks?
What kinda man doesn't like
scotch on the rocks?
Ooh!
Where'd you learn to pour
such a mean one?
I mean, you're barely legal.
Barely old enough to drink.
Um, my parents weren't wealthy,
so... I had to bartend on
the weekends to pay for college.
Oh.
Sure you don't want one?
I mean, I do, but I shouldn't.
Just in case
Cody wakes up again.
Oh, right, yeah. Of course.
Do you always work so late?
Uh, have been, recently.
Uh, since we landed
that new account.
- You remember the party?
- Oh, I remember.
Oh, right, Vance.
Sure is a character, huh?
I was meaning to apologize.
He told me you guys met,
so I can only imagine
that the, the encounter
was a little less than...
pleasant.
I can take care of myself.
I'm sure you can. You can.
Besides, he's the kinda guy that
women normally find...
interesting.
He's the type of guy that women
normally find to be a dick.
Amber!
I'm sorry,
I shouldn't have said it.
No, no, it's probably true.
I just wasn't expecting to
hear that from you.
Not as innocent as I look.
Huh.
I guess you're not.
Well, I'm all out of scotch,
uh...
Goodnight.
Hey. You awake?
I need to see you right away.
Yeah. It is.
Yeah, I know where that's at.
Well, can you be there?
Okay.
Thanks.
"Make It Hurt"
Thank you.
Thanks for coming.
- Coffee?
- No.
It's the last thing I need.
Can't sleep anyway.
So, what happened?
Is the kid giving you problems?
He's an angel.
The wife?
Jesus, Amber.
- Nothing happened.
- Uh, not yet.
Uh, how many times
do we have to go through...
I know, I know. I know.
Are you still taking
your medication?
Of course.
Maybe you should quit.
Yeah, and do what?
I don't know, something with...
less temptation.
I'm gonna be fine.
I just, um...
Just needed your support,
that's all.
You know you always have that.
Thanks.
I'm so sorry.
I'm being really rude.
How are you?
- I'm fine.
- Where are you living?
I'm still house-sitting
for that one guy.
It's whatever, it's fine.
I mean...
I get the place to myself
most days,
which is pretty cool.
How's the Leopard Lounge?
Oh, the Leopard Lounge.
And you will be compensated
for everything you've done.
I have no idea
how any of this happened.
Virtue Ed wanted
one single person in charge
of handling the account.
They're spending a lot of money.
They wanna know who
the buck stops with.
I know you did as much as Vance.
More, in some respect.
But Vance forged a connection
with these guys.
And I think it's better
if he handles it.
This is my account, Katherine.
This is Parsons and Grant's
account, Brian.
I'm not gonna tell you
how you should feel.
But I'm also not gonna argue
with you about it.
This is an enormous account,
and I am not gonna do anything
to jeopardize it
because one of my employees
might have hurt feelings.
Your employee that was
responsible for the account.
Whose job it was to land it.
I'm not taking this
sitting down, Katherine.
Don't do anything rash, Brian.
You're a very valuable
team member.
You have a great career
ahead of you.
This one didn't go your way.
There'll be others.
I know she's cold and mean,
but the woman is not crazy.
She knows you brought in
this account.
How could she do this?
What do you mean, "How could
she do this?" She's the boss.
She can do whatever she wants.
And Vance?
Vance is okay with this?
When has Vance cared about
anyone other than himself?
Plus, who can blame him?
I blame him.
Oh, a lot of good
that's gonna do.
Where the hell's Amber?
What? She's in her room,
I told her
I wanted to spend time
with Cody.
- Amber!
- Brian... God.
Ah.
You know, I could quit.
Just quit.
Quit? No. No.
You can't quit.
Can you grab Cody? Just take him
to his room or anywhere?
Uh, okay.
Come on, little buddy.
Ready? One, two, three.
- Whoo!
- You tell her.
- Yeah.
- Tell mommy...
Listen, you go back in there
and you tell her
this is your account.
I'm going for a drive. We can
talk about this when I get home.
Wait, Brian!
Ah.
Amber.
Not as innocent
as I thought you were.
Wait, wait.
Elise has been supportive of me.
I don't wanna lose this job.
You're not gonna lose this job.
It's okay.
Whoo!
They're gone.
Amber, whoa!
Whoa, whoa. No, no.
Last night,
that was a huge mistake.
A mistake?
Look, it was good.
It was, it was really good.
But, but...
it can't happen again.
Well, we'll make sure
Elise never finds out.
We'll be really, really careful.
Oh, are you serious?
Look, last night,
I was out of my mind, okay?
Being passed over
for the account
and had a big fight with Elise.
It was the perfect storm,
and you just happened
to be there.
And I can still be here
whenever you want me.
Stop. Amber.
No.
And I have to work.
Please.
Jax?
It's me.
Will you call me
when you can, please?
He, uh...
He...
I...
I just need to talk to you.
Call me back, okay?
Knock, knock.
What?
Don't you think
we should discuss this?
What's there to discuss?
I hate to say this, hombre,
but this attitude of yours,
it kinda feels like sour grapes.
Thank you, Vance. It's exactly
what I needed to hear.
This wasn't my call, bro.
Hey, I want us to ride off in
the sunset together on this one.
But if this is the way
they want, it's my job
to give it to 'em.
Come on. You would've done
the same damn thing.
No, I wouldn't have.
You know what, man?
If that's really true, maybe
that's why you didn't get it.
- Hey, you. How are ya?
- Good.
- You look lovely today.
- Let's go take a chair.
Oh, you gotta be kidding me.
Yo, what's up, baby?
You know how much
money I got?
How much money I got now?
Yes, dude! I'm rich now!
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, girl,
why don't you come here?
Yeah. You wanna
take a spin on Vance?
Hm...
Holy ..., man.
I'm ready to go.
Yeah, come on in.
What took you so long?
I said, come in.
Hey, girl, the door is open.
Dude...
What are you doin' here?
- Mr. and Mrs. Simon?
- Yes.
I'm Detective Bennett.
This is Detective Scalese.
We have a few questions for you.
Uh, if you wouldn't mind coming
down to the station with us.
- What's this all about?
- Uh, I'm sure it's nothing.
It's just a couple of questions,
Mrs. Simons. All routine stuff.
Uh, just gonna tell our nanny.
But, of-of course, no problem.
Amber, uh, can you watch Cody?
We're gonna step out
for a few hours.
Okay, Mr. Simon.
Alright, let's go.
When was the last time
you saw Mr. Lipton?
Uh... I guess yesterday.
Uh, around five o'clock,
at work.
And he never mentioned
where he was going?
No.
Hm.
Well, he, uh...
As you can see, um,
the two of us lived
very different lives.
Yeah, but you knew.
You knew about his, uh,
extra-curricular activities.
Well, I knew, yeah.
Was there a certain girl
that he saw regularly?
I don't know, maybe someone
he got into an argument with,
a dispute, maybe?
I don't know any details
like that.
You know, Vance and I
were friends,
but, but we weren't that close.
I knew he liked
to drink and party,
and it doesn't
surprise me at all
that he hired prostitutes.
But, um, we've worked together
for years
and it never
affected his work, so.
This was taken
by the security camera
at the gas station
down the block.
That's as clear
as we can get it.
Any chance you recognize
the figure in that picture?
No. I have no idea who that is.
As you probably know, Mr. Lipton
had no immediate family.
So we spoke to your boss,
Mrs., um...
Parsons. Katherine Parsons.
Right. Mrs. Parsons.
She told us that, uh, there was
quite a bit of friction
between the two of you, lately.
I see where you're going
with this.
Uh, let me just explain, okay?
Uh, we were working to land
this big account,
and, uh, he got all the credit,
but I deserve the credit.
So I was, am pissed.
Ah... You guys do this everyday.
I mean, do I look like
a murderer to you?
What the hell are you doing?
Just making sure you're okay.
I'm fine, thank you.
You don't seem fine.
Ah!
We talked about this.
We can't do this anymore.
And if you don't
understand that, then...
Then what?
- You're gonna let me go?
- I didn't say that.
Because you'd be
really sorry, Brian.
You'd be really, really, sorry.
What?
- What'd you do?
- Well, let's see.
I mean, other than tell Elise,
obviously.
And I know it would be
my word against hers,
but considering what's happened
in your past,
I wonder who she would believe.
How did you know about that?
Brian, you have a really
nice house.
But it's got very thin walls.
Amber...
I don't understand
why you're so upset.
I clean your house, I take
such good care of your son,
and I come with benefits.
It's a total package.
And one day, we can be together,
for real.
Whoo!
Amber... I'm going to bed now.
I suggest you do the same.
I know this is hard
to understand,
but whether or not he has the
right to have you evicted or not
is almost beside the point.
There are lot of clauses
in your original lease
that would trigger in the event
the property is sold.
Now, that doesn't mean
that this is useless,
but it does mean
that you should treat him
as a little more
than a nuisance.
Okay, we just sue the bastard.
There's nothing
to sue him for, yet.
You have to be able to claim
some kinda damages.
Which is probably why he's still
trying to make you an offer,
because the lawsuit would just
delay his plans.
Hm. Okay. But he threatened us.
Writing a strongly-worded letter
isn't exactly actionable.
- Cody.
- Is that my baby? Hi!
Sorry to interrupt.
Did I come too early?
Uh, no. We're about done here.
Um, Amber, this is our lawyer,
Chalfie Prescott.
Chalfie, this is
my new au pair, Amber.
Pleasure.
Well, if it's gonna
take a while,
I can take Cody
to the park or somewhere
and then come back later.
Uh, no, no. I wa-I wanna join.
Uh, we're,
we're wrapping up. So...
Just two minutes? Okay.
All right, so...
what do we do now?
You don't do anything. We wait
until he makes the first move.
I don't think he'll do anything.
He's trying to scare you.
Get you to do something rash.
In the meantime,
I'll talk to Eddie.
He knows people
in the city council.
I can find out what's being said
behind the scenes.
Okay. I'll let you guys
finish up here.
I'm gonna get going.
Um, Chalfie,
thank you as always.
You are the best.
- Love you.
- Love you, too.
Have fun.
Bye, Cody. See you later.
Yeah, you got it all back.
Let's go, let's go.
She's adorable.
I'm surprised Elise allowed
that, if you want my opinion.
Yeah. Brian screwed up, but he's
still one of the good ones.
Honey, if I've learned
one thing,
it's that there are
no more good ones.
Oh. Maybe not for you.
Yeah.
What... Lori?
Lori?
Lori, slow down. Slow down.
I can't, I can't hear a word
you're saying, babe.
What?
Okay. Okay. All right, relax.
I'll be right there.
I'm on my way, okay?
It's all right.
I'll be right there. Okay.
What happened?
The gallery was vandalized.
- What? When?
- I don't know.
This morning,
a jogger was jogging by,
saw the glass on the sidewalk,
called the police.
Lori's there waiting now.
Well, did the police say
who did it or why?
No. But I know why,
and I know who.
- I'm coming with you.
- What? No, no, no, no, no.
Get some sleep.
You need rest, okay?
It's okay.
It's all right. I got it.
Now, you said you had
a business dispute
with Mr. Dutros.
No, not a dispute.
He wanted this space to build
condos. He's a developer.
But because of our lease,
he needed our agreement to sell.
This man's beef, was it with
the both of you or just one?
Both. We're 50-50.
We-we own this together.
And, you know,
he's so condescending.
When he comes in here,
he doesn't even know
who is who.
- Why?
- The epitaph.
- "Whore." It's singular.
- Mm-hmm.
Like he was just
addressing one of you.
Or he was trying to trick us.
- To trick you.
- It's possible.
But, ma'am, I've seen
a lot of crimes like this.
- You know what...
- It's spur-of-the-moment stuff.
It just doesn't seem likely
that the perpetrator would
break into this gallery,
cause all this damage,
and then leave a cryptic message
for investigators.
This looks like it was done
in a fit of rage.
Okay. So, then,
what do we do now?
Well, we treat all crimes with
the utmost seriousness, ma'am.
Even property ones.
And we'll do the same here.
Hold on a second,
all right?
Yeah, I'm at the junkyard now.
No, I know, I know. Yeah.
Not impressed with the location.
Uh, it might work for condos.
Find out if there's
any room for, uh...
you know, a good deal
on this place.
Let me know as soon as possible.
You must've been a beauty
way back when...
Anybody out there?
Hey!
You hear me?
...punks.
I-I know I'm supposed
to have an answer here, guys,
but I-I don't.
Then, just help me out here,
Mr. Simon.
I've got two murders. Two.
The first, your former partner,
who you not only
had a falling out with
the day before,
but whose death you'll no doubt
profit from professionally.
And the second, a thorn
in the side of your wife?
Who's not just
a pain in the ass,
but an expensive one, as well,
with all the pending litigation.
Do you see
where I'm going with this?
Yeah, I see where you're going.
So what?
You think I killed them?
All right. You know what?
We're done here.
I can go?
Unless there's something
you wanna tell me.
No, there's nothing.
Mr. Simon...
you weren't planning
any family vacations
or business trips out of town,
were you?
You do think I did it.
I didn't say that.
But I've got two murders.
Two.
And one connection.
So, how was it?
Well, it was about
as comfortable
as my annual prostate exam.
Ew. Gross.
That is so gross.
They think I did it. Or at least
have something to do with it.
Can you blame them?
No, I can't.
Elise, uh...
Uh, I gotta tell you something,
and I'm only telling you
because I just want you to...
Amber. She doesn't sleep.
What?
Like, there are times
when I've woken up
in the middle of the night,
and I can hear her.
Uh, maybe she can hear you,
too, hm?
Brian, I'm being serious.
No, I'm being serious right now.
Listen. Listen.
There are times
when I've woken up
in the middle
of the night, okay?
I've gone and checked on Cody,
I've looked for her,
and she's not even in her room.
Okay. Um, how come we haven't
talked about this before?
I don't know.
Because I'm the one
that pushed for her.
So, I just...
I don't know.
Look, she's not our kid, okay?
So, if she's not on the clock,
she can really do
whatever she wants.
Right.
I know. No, you're right.
You're right.
But... still...
it makes me wonder
if we really vetted her.
I mean, you called her
references, right?
Yes.
You've seen her
playing with Cody.
- She's great.
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
But if there's something else
that makes you
feel uncomfortable...
I mean, we could let her go.
That's fine, too.
Let me think about it.
Oh. What did you wanna tell me?
What?
Before. I'm so sorry.
- I interrupted you.
- Oh, no, no.
No, you said you were gonna
tell me something,
and I interrupted.
I'm so sorry. What was it?
We can talk about it
another time.
This is far more important.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Are you sure
this is a good idea?
Ah. Honey,
I'm not going to confront her.
I just wanna see
where she's going.
I mean, she's probably not even
going anywhere.
See?
- See? I told you.
- Okay, okay, okay.
I told you. I knew it.
She's probably just going to
her car to grab something.
No. No.
Any time it's our turn
to listen for Cody,
is when she leaves.
And then,
she keeps her door shut
so we think that she's in there.
Okay.
Just don't be long, please.
I have a meeting with
the ice queen in the morning
about transitioning
to the accounts.
So I wanna get at least
a few hours of sleep.
- All right. No, I know. Okay.
- Okay?
I'll be back, okay?
- Don't be long.
- I won't.
Jax!
I don't understand
why this keeps happening to me!
They tell me that they love me,
they tell me that they need me.
Then at the last second,
they change their frickin' mind.
And I don't know what else
I'm supposed to do.
- Amber, I just think that...
- All I want is stability!
I just want a normal life.
I just want, I just want someone
to love me,
and to tell me
it's gonna be okay.
And then he holds me,
and he looks at me like that.
Well, then, maybe stop
going after married men, Amber.
I don't know what to tell you.
What did you find out?
Um...
Nothing. You were right.
She was, um,
just visiting a friend.
See?
Yeah?
I am so sorry
to have bothered you.
Little late for that.
I, um, I'd like to ask you
some questions
about a friend of yours,
if that's okay.
Depends on what and which.
It's about Amber Deschanel.
Oh. Oh, you're the woman
she's working for.
The one with the kid,
sexy husband.
Um...
Please.
I promise, I won't take more
than a few minutes of your time.
Come on in.
Take a seat.
So, what do you wanna know?
How long have you guys been
friends for?
Listen, if I'm gonna
help you out,
I think I need to know
why the hell you're here.
Okay, look.
I just wanna make sure that
my son is not in any danger.
That's all.
Where exactly
do you know Amber from?
We were in the Oaks,
until I turned 18,
and she got a foster family.
The Oaks.
What, what are the Oaks?
Carnation Oaks. The orphanage.
Of course, they don't call it
that these days.
Wait, so, Amber didn't
have a family?
She did.
They died in a car crash
when she was 12.
And she wasn't pleased
with the foster family.
Sh-she was.
Amber told me
that she told you all of this
before you hired her.
Mmm, no. No.
No, she didn't.
There was...
an issue between her
and her foster dad.
He took advantage of her.
Let's just say,
they had a relationship
that wasn't conducive to him
staying her foster dad.
Oh, my God.
Thank you, Jax.
You've been incredibly helpful.
Look, you gotta understand.
I love her like a sister.
But when
kids are involved, it...
It's just with all the crap
that we've been through,
I, I figured
you deserved to know.
Well, I can't tell you how much
I really appreciate it.
Thank you. And no worries.
I won't say a word to her
about this, okay?
You better not.
I just want what's best for her.
I understand.
Hold on one second. Honey?
- Brian?
- Can this wait?
I'm in the middle of something.
But... No, no.
This absolutely cannot wait.
Okay.
What's wrong?
- Is Cody okay?
- Uh...
He's with Amber.
But, Brian... she's not right.
She's not.
I had... I had this...
bad feeling, and I-I don't know.
I-I called her references again,
the one that I originally
spoke to.
It's not a real person, Brian.
- It's a phone in her room.
- What are you talking about?
You said you had a conversation
with the family.
I did, but they called me back.
So Amber probably heard
the message from her
secret second phone,
and had one of her friends call
pretending to be, you know,
Mr. or Mrs. Whoever
from the resume
that she gave us.
Okay, where is she now?
At the park. It's still...
I don't know.
Look, can you just,
please, come home?
Okay. You stay right there, I'm
gonna be home as quick as I can.
Okay, all right. Thank you.
Bye.
Good job.
Hey. You guys have a good day?
We did, but I think this
little one is ready for a nap.
- Aw, come here.
- It's okay, I can put him down.
No, I'll take him.
Oh, okay.
Oh.
Mwah.
Mommy missed you.
- I don't need to call it, do I?
- Elise, I can explain.
Look, whatever pathetic lie that
you are about to come up with
right now, you can save it,
I don't wanna hear it.
'Cause the police
are on their way.
The police?
Look, whatever sick,
twisted reason you had
for killing
Vance and George Dutros,
you can tell them.
Elise, I don't know
what you're thinking,
but I had nothing
to do with that.
I lied about my experiences,
that's true,
because I-I knew I'd-I'd be
really good at it.
And-and I was, and I knew that
you wouldn't hire me
unless I embellished the parts.
Look, it's not use, Amber.
You're going to jail.
Get out of my way.
You're not going anywhere.
Come on, Elise,
I do not wanna hurt you.
Oh, honey, I'm not the one
that's gonna be hurting here.
Ahh! Uhh!
Oh, you're not getting away
that easy
after all that you've done.
Elise! Elise! Wait. Stop.
What are you doing? Elise...
Let me go! No. Brian, no!
Brian, she killed them.
She killed them all.
- She killed them all...
- Calm down. Calm down. Hey!
Where... where is she?
Where did she go?
I know you're both
very anxious
to put all this behind you,
but please understand,
as this investigation goes on
we're gonna have more questions.
Okay.
So, e-everything that
she told us,
from her-her background
to her college,
it was all a lie?
Yeah.
A lot of it, yes.
And there's no question at all
that she was the...
Officially, the investigation
is still ongoing,
but there's no reason
to believe it was anyone
other than her in those
surveillance videos.
That coupled with her behavior,
uh, unless something else drops,
we've found our woman.
Look, there's still a lot that
we don't know...
that we may never know.
But I think for now
we have to accept the obvious
that Amber Deschanel was
a deeply disturbed individual.
And you really think
you're gonna find her?
That I can promise you,
Mrs. Simon,
she'll turn up sooner or later.
Sooner, I'm sure.
Okay, good. Yep.
"So Full Of Lies"
♪ I can't believe all the damage is done ♪
♪ The first one was fun ♪
♪ But now I'm growing older ♪
♪ Locked in the sound
of your beating heart ♪
♪ Getting a sense
that this is falling apart ♪
♪ Down on my knees
holding my head ♪
♪ Wanting to change
all the things that you said ♪
♪ All the things that you said ♪
What the...
I'm Amber Deschanel.
Ahh!
So, now you know.
Oh. Yeah...
This really turned out to be
a nice touch.
Well, because I knew even you
couldn't overlook
something so obvious.
But why?
Because the first time I decided
to take you back,
it was because nothing
was more important to me
than preserving our family.
And the ones
who stood in the way...
well, they needed to be
dealt with.
So-so, you...
But, but... Vance?
Oh, come on, Brian,
don't be so naive.
Vance was a piece of garbage
living on bar time with
all the drinking and drugs.
And don't try to tell me that
that wasn't your account.
That was your account.
And George Dutros got exactly
what was coming to him.
Becky Hopkins...
did you really think that I was just gonna let it go? Huh?
That I was just
gonna get over it?
The fact that you cheated
on me with her
and slept with her?
Really?
Well, um, just in case
you were curious,
the official drug report said
that it was
an accidental drug overdose.
Although the painkillers
worked fairly well,
I must admit, it was, um, tsk,
quite empowering,
snuffing the life out
of that woman.
You know, the only one I
actually felt bad about was Jax.
Poor girl, she had a rough life.
But, loose ends, we couldn't
have any loose ends, babe.
Amber, she took the fall for it.
I mean, she had her whole life
in front of her.
I knew it from the first time
I laid eyes on her.
She was the perfect,
useful idiot.
Okay.
So... what now?
Now?
Well, now,
you've got two choices.
You can call the police.
I'll go to jail,
you'll be a single father,
and we'll lose everything.
Or...
we could have
the perfect family...
okay, the perfect life
and go take our son on vacation.
The choice is yours.
Detective Bennett.
Thanks for calling.
- May I?
- So, what do you have for us?
Well, you'll be happy to know
that I, uh...
I found this when we were
cleaning out her room,
and, uh, I thought it looked
like the one on the photo,
so you might want it.
Just another piece
of the puzzle.
Yeah, I guess.
See ya.
Mr. Simon, is everything okay?
Yeah, couldn't be better.
I do
apologize about not being
completely honest about my
background, but then again...
Just one sec.
Hey, judge signed the warrant.
Backup's on its way,
we got a scoop.
Let's go get these Simons.
Oh, we got 'em.
Yeah, we're on our way.
Hey.
- Hi.
- How you doing?
- Mm.
- Mm. Mm.
Okay. So, what did they say?
Not much.
Didn't even seem surprised.
- That's good.
- That's great.
That's great.
- What's that?
- I don't know.
Is that a little gift for me?
I found it at the door.
Where's Cody?
Uh, he's with the new au pair.
You want some, uh, wine?
Yeah, I want some wine.
Hm.
Okay.
- USB?
- Yeah. Interesting.
- Cheers.
- Cheers, Brian.
Mm.
That's good.
What is this?
Dear Elise and Brian.
First of all, I'm gonna tell you
how much I enjoyed
working for you.
Despite everything, I don't
think I've ever been happier
or felt more needed than when
I was taking care of Cody.
Almost immediately,
I noticed the nanny cam.
It's a pretty common one.
You can buy them
at any electronic store.
And I don't blame you.
If I had a child of my own
I'd use one, too.
I do apologize about not being
completely honest
about my background,
but then again if you knew,
I think we all know
there's no way
you would've hired me.
Just needed a chance.
Anyway, just as you had
your suspicions about me,
I, too, had them about you.
Especially after
the murders of Vance
and that horrible man
from the gallery.
I could see where things
were going
and where blame was being laid.
So I substituted the thumb drive
in the nanny cam
with one of my own.
It was weeks before I heard
about Jax's passing.
In the police report,
two different neighbors
saw a woman
in a hooded sweatshirt
leaving her house.
The date and time of this video
is within an hour of when
the pathologist said
she was murdered.
The DNA found at the crime
scene will be a match,
I'm sure, to the DNA
of Elise's hair...
which I sent to the police
along with this file.
I don't expect to see either
one of you again soon.
But give Cody a kiss for me.
And don't worry, he'll be fine
in the foster system.
I mean, just look at me.
"So Full Of Lies"
♪ I can't believe
all the damage is done ♪
♪ The first one was fun
but now I'm growing older ♪
♪ Locked in the sound
of your beating heart ♪
♪ Getting a sense
that this is falling apart ♪
♪ Down on my knees
holding my head ♪
♪ Wanting to change
all the things that you said ♪
♪ All the things
that you said ♪
♪ I'm so full of lies
I need to tell myself ♪
♪ Just to wake up
because I buried my health ♪
♪ Open my eyes
the pain to see ♪
♪ The pain I've become
to escape what is me ♪
♪ I've wasted away
trying to hide ♪
♪ A place in my head
you couldn't find ♪
♪ Can't believe
all the damage is done ♪
♪ The first one was fun
but now I'm growing older ♪
♪ Locked in the sound
of your beating heart ♪
♪ Getting a sense
that this is falling apart ♪
♪ Down on my knees
holding my head ♪
♪ Wanting to change
all the things that you said ♪
♪ All the things
that you said ♪
♪ This time ♪
♪ Getting a sense
that this is falling apart ♪
♪ Down on my knees
holding my head ♪
♪ Wanting to change
all the things that you said ♪
♪ All the things
that you said ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org